# MsExcel-Projects-and-Challenges

Food Forecasting Analysis: 

Welcome to your Excel project! This is where you will need to apply all that you've learned about storytelling and Excel. Here's the problem statement: Your client is a meal delivery company that operates in multiple cities. They have various fulfillment centers in these cities for dispatching meal orders to their customers. The client wants to help these centers with demand forecasting for upcoming weeks so that these centers will plan the stock of raw materials accordingly. The replenishment of the majority of raw materials is done on a weekly basis and since the raw material is perishable, procurement planning is of utmost importance. Secondly, staffing of the centers is also one area wherein accurate demand forecasts are really helpful. We have the below is information with us in the form of 3 different datasets: ● Historical data of demand for a product-center combination ● Product (Meal) features such as category, sub-category, current price, and discount ● Information for fulfillment centers like center area, city information, etc. Data Dictionary

Weekly Demand data (train.csv): Contains the historical demand data for all centers, test.csv contains all the following features except the target variable
fulfilment_center_info.csv: Contains information for each fulfillment center
meal_info.csv: Contains information for each meal being served So what do you need to do? You need to come up with a story that talks about the level of demand in each center. This analysis needs to be granular enough to include product information as well. The client wants an end-to-end report to understand which fulfillment areas are doing well and which aren't. You can also talk about center-meal combinations to add nuance to your final submission. Submit your final report in the form of a PowerPoint presentation. Use the 6-step framework we discussed and the Villain-Victim-Hero framework for storytelling. There are no restrictions on the kind of charts/dashboards you want to use. However, keep in mind that the audience is C-suite executives so prepare your blueprint and final analysis accordingly.
